split up ecsql reference into indiviual files, remove iframed iModel … (#6377)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/ECSqlReference/CASE.md

# CASE-WHEN-THEN-ELSE

> ECSQL supports only searched CASE expressions:

Reviewer: Not sure I understand. Might need re-wording?

Author: This is actually what this flavor of CASE statement is called: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/t-sql/language-elements/case-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16#syntax

Reviewer: Thanks

```sql
CASE
      WHEN <expr> THEN <expr>
    [ WHEN <expr> THEN <expr> ...]
    [ ELSE <expr> ]
END
```

## Limitations

> Only primitive type can be used with WHEN, THEN and ELSE. Primitive does not include p2d, p3d, IGeometery and NavigationProperties. You can still use sub-queries that return single column and pretty much any SQL expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only primitive types can be used with WHEN, THEN and ELSE. This does not include p2d, p3d, IGeometery and NavigationProperties. You can still use sub-queries that return single column and pretty much any SQL expressions.
```
